README.md, before:

# MAHXCheckout

## 🚀 Alternative Checkout for Magento 2

MAHXCheckout is a **lightweight, fast, and Magento-native** checkout solution for **Magento 2**. It is built using **HTMX, Alpine.js, and TailwindCSS**, offering a modern and efficient checkout experience while staying true to Magento's core principles.

## 🔥 Why MAHXCheckout?

- **Magento-Native** – Built using **Magento layouts, blocks, and controllers**, ensuring seamless integration with Magento 2.
- **Blazing Fast** – Uses **HTMX** for minimal JavaScript, ensuring a **fast, dynamic checkout experience**.
- **Lightweight & Modern** – Powered by **Alpine.js** for reactive components and **TailwindCSS** for clean styling.
- **Developer-Friendly** – Designed to be easy to understand and extend for any **Magento 2 developer** (especially you are from Hyvä World).

### 🚧 Status: Work in Progress

Basic checkout flow is present at the moment. The checkout is in Beta stage to try out and report issues if found.
- Guest checkout flow ✅
- Logged-in customer flow ✅

The implementations may change at this stage based on the new theme development and new payment integrations.

---

## 📦 Installation

```cmd
composer require magehx/mahx-checkout
```

---

## ⚡ Get Involved

We welcome contributions, ideas, and feedback from the community. If you're a Magento 2 developer looking for a **fast, modern, and developer-friendly** checkout, MAHXCheckout is for you!

---

**Stay tuned! More updates coming soon.** ✨

Commit message:

Update README by removing alpinejs and tailwind dependency. Remove in progress message

README.md, after:

# MAHXCheckout

## 🚀 Alternative Checkout for Magento 2

MAHXCheckout is a **lightweight, fast, and Magento-native** checkout solution for **Magento 2**. 
It is build with the help of **HTMX** and offering a modern and efficient checkout experience while staying true to 
Magento's core principles.

## 🔥 Why MAHXCheckout?

- **Magento-Native** – Built using **Magento layouts, blocks, and controllers**, ensuring seamless integration with Magento 2.
- **Blazing Fast** – Uses **HTMX** for minimal JavaScript, ensuring a **fast, dynamic checkout experience**.
- **Theme Support** - Works with Luma & Hyvä themes out of the box.
- **Zero State Management** – It keeps the state only in the database. No state management mess in both frontend and in backend.
- **Developer-Friendly** – Designed to be easy to understand and extend for any **Magento 2 developer** (especially you are from Hyvä World).
- **Tiny learning curve** - Require less than 2 hours to get productive.

---

## 📦 Installation

```cmd
composer require magehx/mahx-checkout
```

---

## Core features

- Complete checkout flow. Both guest checkout and logged-in checkout.
- Virtual product only checkout flow.
- Themes - Default theme resembles the luma checkout. Onepage theme is in progress. You can extend a theme and build your own checkout theme.
- Steps - Themes supports steps. You can modify, add or delete steps as per your need.
- Validation - You can define and control frontend validation using data object classes.

**Note:** This checkout is a **DIY toolkit**. It gives a good starting point to build and customize your own checkout.
Custom payment methods and shipping methods needs to be integrated yourself. Ideally there should be payment and shipping
integration modules for this checkout. With community support, we can gradually make this checkout solid and strong.

---

## Documentation

You can find the documentation here: https://magehx.github.io/mahx-checkout/

## ⚡ Get Involved

We welcome contributions, ideas, and feedback from the community. If you're a Magento 2 developer looking for a **fast, modern, and developer-friendly** checkout, MAHXCheckout is for you!

---
